# Table of Contents
 - [Project Description](#project-description)
 - [User Interface Specification](#user-interface-specification)
 - [Test Plan and Results](#test-plan-and-results)
 - [User Manual](#user-manual)
 - [Spring Final PPT Presentation](#spring-final-ppt-presentation)
 - [Final Expo Poster](#final-expo-poster)
 - [Assessments](#assessments)
    - [Fall Self-Assessments](#fall-self-assessments)
    - [Spring Self-Assessments](#spring-self-assessments)
 - [Summary of Hours](#summary-of-hours)

# Project Description
The goal of our application is for a user to be able to put scheduled events
into a calendar as well as times when they would like to do social activities.
The user then can add tasks that need to be completed during daily life and the
user’s tasks will be added to the calendar during available time slots. Finally,
the social aspect is that the user will be recommended things to do during their
social times, such as concerts, restaurant deals, and fitness classes. In
addition, the user will be able to add friends and recommend that they
participate in activities with them.


# User Interface Specification

# Test Plan and Results
*See the full test plan file [here](https://gitlab.com/jebidis93/senior-design-planning/-/blob/master/ASSN_3.pptx)*
In the backend, our main testing strategy is to make unit tests for almost
everything we write. We have installed pytest as our testing framework. The
backend uses a test database that is used when tests are run and all artifacts
from testing are completely removed between every test.

In the frontend, our plan is to test core UI/UX functionality. This will mean
simple front end navigation tests as well as in-def end to end test for getting
results from the back end.

# User Manual
*See the full manual [here](https://gitlab.com/jebidis93/senior-design-planning/-/wikis/home)*

# Spring Final PPT Presentation
*See the full presentation [here](https://gitlab.com/jebidis93/senior-design-planning/-/blob/master/ASSN_3.pptx)*

# Final Expo Poster
*See the final poster [here](https://gitlab.com/jebidis93/senior-design-planning/-/blob/master/Poster_Final.pdf)*
![alt text](https://gitlab.com/jebidis93/senior-design-planning/-/blob/master/final_poster_image.png)


# Assessments

## Fall Self-Assessments
### Nick
### Tim
For our senior design project, we are making a self-scheduling calendar. This
calendar will also include a social media aspect that allows users to easily
plan things to do with friends. There are other products out there that help
users schedule their lives automatically. However, they do not have the social
aspects that our application will. This project will allow our team to expand
our knowledge and understanding of many technologies, such as Google Calendar
and Reactjs. The project will focus on developing our skills application and
cloud development.

Throughout my college experience I have learned a lot that will help me with
developing this application. From classes I have learned important concepts from
my networking, requirements engineering and python courses. Networking will be
applied when we connect the application to the server securely. Requirements
engineering has taught me the skills necessary to come up with a proper project
plan, which will help us work efficiently. Python will help us develop the
back-end server and allow us to easily and securely communicate with our
database and Google. There are other things that I have learned from courses
like Algorithms and Artificial Intelligence that I am sure will be used, but we
have not determined how at this moment.

More importantly then our course work I have learned a lot during my CO-OP
experiences. I have developed so many skills from CO-OP that will help with this
project and it would be impossible to discuss them all. At Siemens I learned the
fundamentals of full stack development and software analytics. The skills I
learned at Siemens which will help me develop a good user interface and
experience. At DFIN I worked in cloud development and honed my skill in full
stack development. The skills I learned at DFIN will help us create and
effective and working back end.

Not only is this project something that I believe in, but it is an excellent
opportunity to test my skills, challenge myself and learn some new things along
the way. Theis projects origins come from an idea that I had 5 or 6 years ago
now. I have done a few basic self-scheduling calendars since I had the idea, but
I know that we can make a massive improvement to the earlier versions. The
addition of the social media aspect to this application is what truly excites
me. I genuinely believe that this application could be popular if executed
properly. It will be difficult, but I really think that we can make something
great.



## Spring Self-Assessments
### Nick
### Tim
My primary development responsibilities for this project was to develop the
front end of a phone application. Other than that Nick and I split the work when
it came to documentation and architecting communication between the phone and
server. At the beginning of this project my goal was to improve my front-end
development skill with React-Native. I had gotten minimal experience throughout
my CO-OPs developing front ends, so this was so this was a really intriguing
process for me. 

I got to plan, layout and design the entire front facing application for this
project, to do this I had to consider visual appeal and functional ease. I went
through a number of design iterations and was constantly evolving things. I made
the mistake of designing screens before laying out navigation, which I learned
doing navigation first would have saved me a lot of headaches. I also made the
mistake of using some libraries which didn’t provide benefits to me in the long
run I then had to cut them out of the code base and rewrite their functionality.
Rewriting the functionality served to benefit my skills and the application
worked better, however this took a lot of time and lead to me not finishing some
features that I wanted.


# Summary of Hours and Justification
## Nick
## Tim